# Reveal Server

This server is designed so you can copy a Reveal.js presentation into the `public` folder, then give that presentation remotely. The `/login` route will allow you to authenticate as the presenter. You'll then be redirected back to the presentation, and all of your slide/fragment changes will be broadcast to anyone visiting the site.

## Prerequisites

Node version 0.8.x+

## Installation

First, clone this repository. Assuming you cloned into a folder named `reveal-server`, use these commands to complete the installation:

```shell
$ cd reveal-server
$ npm install
```

Next, copy your Reveal.js presentation into the `public` folder. Make sure that the `plugin/slidesync` folder inside of `public` is preserved. If you're on a Mac, this is best done from the command line as Finder will clobber existing folders:

```shell
$ cp -r /path/to/existing/reveal/presentation/* public
```

Otherwise, just make sure that `reveal-server/public/plugin/slidesync` is still in place after you copy.

Next, you'll want to set up a password and session secret so that you can log in as the presenter. If you're trying this out locally, copy `config.json.dist` to `config.json`:

```shell
$ cp config.json.dist config.json
```

Then open `config.json` and edit the values to your liking:

```javascript
{
	"password": "shh, this is your password",
	"session_secret": "keyboard cat"
}
```

If you're using Reveal Server in a production environment, omit `config.json` and set the environment variables `password` and `session_secret` directly.

Finally, you will need to edit the configuration of your presentation's `index.html` file. Open `reveal-server/public/index.html` and add the following lines in the middle of the `dependencies` array:

```javascript
{ src: '/socket.io/socket.io.js'},
{ src: 'plugin/slidesync/slidesync.js'},
```

(Omit the final `,` off the end of `{ src: 'plugin/slidesync/slidesync.js'},` if it is the last dependency.)

Now you are ready to start the server:

```shell
$ node app.js
```

The server will then be available at http://localhost:3000.

## Todos

* Create an easier way to configure the server for first time use
* Create a command line tool for creating, starting, stopping, etc...
* Authenticate over the websockets, forgoing sessions and Express altogether
* Keep track of latest slide so that late viewers are automatically taken to the correct place
* Add option for disabling controls for viewers when the presentation is live

## License

MIT licensed

Copyright (C) 2012-2013 Joseph L. LeBlanc, [http://jlleblanc.com](http://jlleblanc.com)
